# CS-340

  To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, one must create code that can be improved upon at different levels. For instance, throughout this course, we created a program using the CRUD method starting with only the create (C) and read (R) aspects. We were then required to test these two methods. In another module, we created the other two aspects, update (U) and delete (D), and tested these. Finally, we used the remaining modules to continuously add code and improve upon our old code until we had a solid program that could function using Python and the Mongo database. The advantage to this is that we were able to write code in chunks, and learn from our mistakes in the past. I can use this CRUD Python module in the future to create other programs using CRUD methods.
  
  To approach a problem as a computer scientist, one must break the problem down into small pieces. It is far easier to create something small, then test it, as opposed to creating a large program and then trying to figure out what part of the code has errors because it is so large. My approach to the Grazioso Salvare project did exactly that. I created small pieces during each module, then tested those and built upon them in each successive module. I also used the module discussions to collaborate with other students in the class, who were able to help me when I had questions or ran into roadblocks. I think these strategies are essential to anyone who works in the computer science field. These are also beneficial techniques when one needs to meet client needs, because communication and problem solving are key to making the client happy.
	
  A computer scientist’s job is to create software that solves a need or want for stakeholders. This matters because in general, programs are created to make lives more efficient or pleasant. It also makes things more streamlined for the general public. For Grazioso Salvare to do their work better, it is helpful when they can see everything they need in one program, and be able to dynamically search and update information when necessary. This can also save time and money because they will only need to go to one place to find solutions to questions and needs.
